Privacy Policy

By using the Services, you agree to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you should not play our games or use our Services. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.

1. Information and Data we collect from you

We collect and process the following personal data and information when you using our applications and services:

Data automatically collected from applications

your device type and model, manufacturer, operating system platform and version, general location (region, country, city, etc), application version, start and end of advertisement browsing, game play status (stage start, end, and operation information)

IP address and Advertising ID (if you use Apple devices, IDFA / if you use Android devices, AAID)

Information you provide when contacting us

Contact information such as your name and email address, and any other information we need to provide support

Data obtained from advertising partners

We may obtain personal information about you from third-party advertising partners, depending on the permission you give to the partner.

Collecting of special categories of personal data

We do not knowingly collect any special categories of personal data (personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation) or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures when providing applications and services.

2. Scope of Policy

The scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to the personal data collected by you using our applications and services.

This application may contain links to external sites. Clicking on a third-party link will redirect you to that site. Please note that we have no control and responsibility for the content and Privacy Policies of third-party sites or services.

3. Consent to Policy

By installing and using the application, you consent to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use and sharing of the personal data described in this Policy. If you do not agree, do not install the application or use the application.

If you are under the age of 16, you will not be able to use the applications and services.

4. Purpose and Legal basis for use of information

4.1 Legal Basis

We collect and use personal data of users subject to GDPR or the equivalents on the following legal basis:

(1) Performance of contractual obligations

You must use your information to fulfill your obligations under your contract (to provide the services you request, improve our services, and provide customer support).

(2) Consent

You have provided us with your consent to use personal data and information for specific purposes.

This applies to information displayed within the application that is personalized to your preferences and to which information is shared with advertising partners for that purpose. This consent can be withdrawn at any time.

(3) Legal obligations

We collect and process your personal data where necessary to comply with the legal obligations we follow.

(4) legitimate interests

If (1) or (2) or (3) does not apply, we need to use your personal data for our legitimate interests or for legitimate interests pursued by third parties.

We use your personal data to analyze, track and prevent fraud, notify, cross-promote and advertise to provide you with free or low-cost services, improve our services and improve your data Special attention can be paid to the right to protection.

4.2 How we use your information

We collect and use your data and information for the following purposes.

Provision and improvement of game services

We use your personal data to distribute applications and provide gaming services, and to improve our services.

In order to properly provide game services, it is necessary to collect, record and use information such as game progress.

We use your information to analyze your personal data and to correct game glitches, improve stability, and develop new services to provide you with a better experience.

We also use the information when sending notifications, including app updates, support and management messages.

Security

We use your information to enhance the security and security of our services.

We use the information to monitor suspicious and unexpected use, keep our services secure and stable, and send you notifications, such as security alerts.

We also use your information to identify and prevent fraud in advertising campaigns.

Advertising display and promotion

We use your information to display ads for our games in applications released by other providers and to display third-party advertisements in our games. While you are playing our games, we may display advertisements for our other games.

We use your personal data to understand your preferences and display better ads.

We also use your personal data to contact you about promotions, events and other news about the services we or our partners offer.

Providing customer support

We use your personal data to respond to your inquiries and provide customer support.

Legal obligation

We use your information where necessary to comply with our legal obligations.

5. Sharing your Information

We may share the your information with partners for the purposes described above.

The privacy policies of each partner are listed in the "Partner List" section.

We may disclose your information in response to law, legal process, lawsuits, and the demands of public and governmental authorities inside and outside your country of residence.

We may disclose your information to public authorities if we believe necessary to protect and challenge the legal rights of us, our customers and partners, and to exercise our legal rights in accordance with relevant laws.

We will not notify you of such disclosures unless required by law.

6. Security of personal information

In order to prevent the loss, destruction, falsification, damage, leakage, etc. of personal information, we will introduce appropriate and reasonable level of security measures to protect personal information. When outsourcing the handling of personal information, we strongly urge you to comply with applicable personal information protection laws and work to maintain the confidentiality of information.

We always make every effort to protect your personal information, but we do not guarantee or represent that your information is fully protected.

7. Rights of users under GDPR or the equivalents

If you are under GDPR or the equivalents, you have the following rights regarding the processing of personal data:

When you exercise the following rights, you can send a request to the contacts listed in the "Contacts" section.

We may ask you to provide certain information in order to identify and correct your data.

Right to withdraw consent

You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with Article 7(3), paragraph 3 of the GDPR.

If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at the address specified in this policy to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of this consent cannot affect the legality of the treatment based on the consent before the withdrawal.

If you withdraw your consent, you will not be able to continue using the applications and services.

Right of access and rectification

You have the right to receive confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data in accordance with Article 15 of the GDPR.

You also have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR.

Right of erasure and restriction of processing

In accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.

You also have the right to restrict the handling of personal data in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR.

However, if your personal data is legitimately used to provide our services and for other purposes, we may reject your request or ask you to postpone the response.

Right to data portability

In accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to receive the personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us to which the personal data have been provided.

And you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another, where technically feasible.

Right to object

in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you.

Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority

In accordance with Article 77 of the GDPR, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringment if you considers that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes this Regulation.

Transferring of your personal data

We may transfer and process your personal data from your country or region of residence to Japan and other countries around the world. We may share your information with international organizations as partner. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your country.

8. Contact

Emailing address: hansheadssleepupmul@gmail.com.

9. Data retention period

We will retain your information for as long as necessary to provide the service, unless required by law or unless we accept your request to delete the information.

We will retain and use your information for as long as we need it to comply with our legal obligations.

10. Age Limit
When we collect personal information, we do not know the age of our players. If a player has a social media account and has logged into a game, we may obtain the age information from the player through that. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such data as promptly as possible. If you are a minor under 16 years old, please note that you are allowed to use our Services upon the prior consent of your parents or legal guardian.

11. Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from companies other than CenturyGames that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.

12. Security of Your Information
We understand the importance of keeping your information safe and secure. CenturyGames has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form, i.e. free from any alteration. As such, access to all personal information is strictly controlled. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received.

In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information.

